Migration guide for InputDecoration.maintainHintHeight deprecation (#11742)
flutter/website: src/content/release/breaking-changes/deprecate-inputdecoration-maintainhintheight.md

---
title: Deprecate `InputDecoration.maintainHintHeight` in favor of
  `InputDecoration.maintainHintSize`
description: >-
  The `InputDecoration.maintainHintHeight` parameter has been replaced by
  `InputDecoration.maintainHintSize`.
---

## Summary

The [`InputDecoration.maintainHintHeight`][] parameter was deprecated

> in favor of the [`InputDecoration.maintainHintSize`][] parameter.

Reviewer: Right now, this is going to a non-existent page. It looks like the following page needs to be added first: https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/material/InputDecoration/maintainHintSize.html

If you need help, let me know.

Reviewer: Maybe link to https://main-api.flutter.dev/flutter/material/InputDecoration/maintainHintSize.html?

Author: Thanks for the review 🙏 
I changed the link to https://main-api.flutter.dev/flutter/material/InputDecoration/maintainHintSize.html.
Is it ok?

## Context

> The defaults intrincic size of an input decorator depends on the hint size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default intrinsic size of an input decorator depends on the hint size.
```

The [`InputDecoration.maintainHintSize`][] parameter can be set to false to

> make the intrincic size ignores the hint size when the hint is not visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make the intrinsic size ignore the hint size when the hint is not visible.
```

Previously, the `InputDecoration.maintainHintHeight` parameter was
used to override the default intrinsic height and had no impact on the
intrinsic width.

## Description of change

The [`InputDecoration.maintainHintHeight`][] is deprecated in

> favor of [`InputDecoration.maintainHintSize`][] which makes both the intrinsic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
favor of [`InputDecoration.maintainHintSize`][], which makes both the intrinsic
```
